docs: first steps (#8732)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/getting_started/first_steps.md

    safely be deleted at any time. It will be re-created on demand by Argo CD
    if a new admin password must be re-generated.

## Use the CLI to deploy an application

To start deploying resources you need to authenticate with the CLI and then create [Argo CD applications](../basics/apps/index.md).

### CLI Login

Using the username `admin` and the password from above, login to Argo CD's IP or hostname:

```bash
argocd login <ARGOCD_SERVER>
```

The value of `ARGOCD_SERVER` depends on the method you used in the previous section. It can be an IP address, a hostname such as `argocd.example.com` or even `localhost` if you use a local cluster.

!!! note
    The CLI environment must be able to communicate with the Argo CD API server. If it isn't directly accessible as described in the previous section, you can tell the CLI to access it using port forwarding through one of these mechanisms: 1) add `--port-forward-namespace argocd` flag to every CLI command; or 2) set `ARGOCD_OPTS` environment variable: `export ARGOCD_OPTS='--port-forward-namespace argocd'`.

You can change the admin password using the command:

```bash
argocd account update-password
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add an additional paragraph to state something like "In order to change the password of the admin user, you will need to know the current password. If you don't know the current password, you will have to use a different method to reset it."

```bash
argocd app create guestbook --repo https://github.com/argoproj/argocd-example-apps.git --path guestbook --dest-server https://kubernetes.default.svc --dest-namespace default
```

### Sync the application

Once the guestbook application is created, you can now view its status:

```bash
$ argocd app get guestbook
Name:               guestbook
Server:             https://kubernetes.default.svc
Namespace:          default
URL:                https://10.97.164.88/applications/guestbook
Repo:               https://github.com/argoproj/argocd-example-apps.git
Target:
Path:               guestbook
Sync Policy:        <none>
Sync Status:        OutOfSync from  (1ff8a67)
Health Status:      Missing

GROUP  KIND        NAMESPACE  NAME          STATUS     HEALTH
apps   Deployment  default    guestbook-ui  OutOfSync  Missing
       Service     default    guestbook-ui  OutOfSync  Missing
```

The application status is initially in `OutOfSync` state since the application has yet to be
deployed, and no Kubernetes resources have been created. To [sync](../syncing/index.md) (deploy) the application, run:

```bash
argocd app sync guestbook
```

> This command retrieves the manifests from the [repository](../basics/repos/index.md) and performs a `kubectl apply` of the
> manifests. The guestbook app is now running and you can now view its resource components, logs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command retrieves the manifests from the [repository](../basics/repos/index.md) and performs a `kubectl apply` on the cluster. The guestbook app is now running and you can now view its resource components, logs,
```
